Laravel 10.x (new release) Documentation with Ably Broadcaster (#6)
ably-forks/laravel-docs: broadcasting.md

```shell
npm install @ably/laravel-echo ably
```

Once Echo is installed, you are ready to create a fresh Echo instance in your application's JavaScript. A great place to do this is at the bottom of the `resources/js/bootstrap.js` file that is included with the Laravel framework. By default, an example Echo configuration is already included in this file; however, the default configuration in the `bootstrap.js` file is intended for Pusher. You may copy the configuration below to transition your configuration to Ably.

```js
import Echo from '@ably/laravel-echo';
import * as Ably from 'ably';

window.Ably = Ably;
window.Echo = new Echo({
    broadcaster: 'ably',
});

window.Echo.connector.ably.connection.on(stateChange => {
    if (stateChange.current === 'connected') {
        console.log('connected to ably server');
    }
});
```

You can set additional ably-js [clientOptions](https://ably.com/docs/api/realtime-sdk?lang=javascript#client-options) when creating an `Echo` instance.

```js
    broadcaster: 'ably',

>     authEndpoint: 'http://www.localhost:8000/broadcasting/auth', // absolute or relative url to laravel-server 

Reviewer: I think this might look better if we put a relative url in the example?

Author: done

> **Note**  
> To learn more about compiling your application's JavaScript assets, please consult the documentation on [Vite](/docs/{{version}}/vite).

Additional supported features :

*1. Modify private/presence channel capability. Default: Full capability*

> - Channel access control rights are granted for each individual user separately using `ably-capability`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Channel access control rights are granted for each individual user separately using an `ably-capability` object.
```

Author: changed to `using an ably-capability array`

> - It defines list of access claims as per [Channel Capabilities](https://ably.com/docs/core-features/authentication#capability-operations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ably capability objects define a list of access claims as per [Channel Capabilities](https://ably.com/docs/core-features/authentication#capability-operations).
```

Author: Using objects term would be complex because it's always going to be a string array.

Author: I have put it as `Ably capability array define a list ...`

Reviewer: makes sense, but you should change it to "Ably capability arrays..." because the singular is grammatically incorrect here

Author: Okay, I am not that good at grammar, hopefully it doesn't confuser users.

Author: done

```php
  // file - routes/channels.php
  // User authentication is allowed for private/presence channel returning truthy values and denied for falsy values.
  

>   // for private channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // for private channels
```

Author: Actually, we are defining it for a single private channel named `channel1`. so I kept it singular.

Author: `Broadcast::channel('channel1', function ($user) {`

Reviewer: Yeah that makes sense but it's still bad grammar. I think if you put "for private channels" it reads as if you're saying "this is how to configure capabilities for private channels" so it makes sense even if the example just shows one channel. If you insist on keeping it singular, the grammatically correct way of writing it would be "for a presence channel"

Author: done

  Broadcast::channel('channel1', function ($user) {

>       return ['ably-capability' => ["subscribe", "history"]];

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add something to demonstrate the truthy/falsy behaviour in the examples, like:
```suggestion
      if (user.isAuthenticated()) {
          return ['ably-capability' => ["subscribe", "history"]];
      } else {
          return false;
      }
```

Author: Those routes already have an internal guard that checks if the user is authenticated.

Author: You can check this -> https://github.com/laravel/framework/blob/9.x/src/Illuminate/Broadcasting/BroadcastController.php
It's being used in the file for authenticating routes inside
https://github.com/laravel/framework/blob/9.x/src/Illuminate/Broadcasting/BroadcastManager.php

Author: Updated to 
```
  Broadcast::channel('channel1', function ($user) {
    if ($user->role === 'customer') {
        return ['ably-capability' => ["subscribe", "history"]];
    } else if ($user->role === 'admin') {
        return true; // Default: Full capability access is given when ably-capability is not specified.
    } else {
        return false;
    }
  });
```

Reviewer: looks good to me, thanks

  });
  

>   // for presence channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // for presence channels
```

Author: Again it's just a single channel named `channel2`
` Broadcast::channel('channel2', function ($user) {`

Reviewer: see https://github.com/ably-forks/laravel-docs/pull/6#discussion_r1087868859

Author: done

  Broadcast::channel('channel2', function ($user) {
      return ['id' => $user->id, 'name' => $user->name, 'ably-capability' => ["subscribe", "presence"]];
  });
```

*2. Disable public channels. Default: false*
- Set `ABLY_DISABLE_PUBLIC_CHANNELS` as `true` in `.env` file.
```dotenv
ABLY_DISABLE_PUBLIC_CHANNELS=true
```
- Update ably section under `config/broadcasting.php` with
```php
        'ably' => [
            'driver' => 'ably',
            'key' => env('ABLY_KEY'),
            'disable_public_channels' => env('ABLY_DISABLE_PUBLIC_CHANNELS', false)
        ],
```

> **Note :** For more information about other features, please take a look at [configure advanced features](https://github.com/ably/laravel-broadcaster#configure-advanced-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note :** For more information about other features, see our documentation on how to [configure advanced features](https://github.com/ably/laravel-broadcaster#configure-advanced-features).
```
